When would you want to create a remote repository rather that keeping all your
work local?

      To collaborate with your team or share your code with everyone. This is
      useful in tracking changes on master and branches.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

      If you are collaborating with a team, you may not want to pull all the
      changes made. They may cause problems with your code, or may be features
      that you do not want to add.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?

      Use a fork when you are wanting to make changes to an existing GitHub
      repository to give credit to the original author. This is an easy way to
      get a copy of the master put into your GitHub account. It is the same as
      cloning.

      Use cloning when you are coping a repository on your local machine.

      Branches are working off an existing master without changing the master.
      use this when collaborating with a team, fixing bugs or while attempting
      to make major changes to an already working master before your merge.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

      You can access it without internet connectivity.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

      It would be less efficient to collaborate without Git and GitHub. You
      would be constantly having to exchange files and would really not have any
      version control unless you renamed your file every single time. It would
      be really hard to track changes.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master? What benefits does each approach have?

    I would want to make changed in a separate branch rather than master to keep
    master clean and in working order and to make collaboration easier. I do not
    see a benefit to committing changes to master other than it being a small
    and you are the only one making working on the project.
